fix: clarifying the migration steps (#183)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/compose/compose-compiler.md

    }
    ```

4. If you reference the old Maven artifacts directly, you'll need to update these references:

   * Change `androidx.compose.compiler:compiler` to `org.jetbrains.kotlin:compose-compiler-gradle-plugin-embeddable`
   * Change `androidx.compose.compiler:compiler-hosted` to `org.jetbrains.kotlin:compose-compiler-gradle-plugin`

5. If you are using compiler options for the Jetpack Compose compiler, set them in the `composeCompiler {}` block.
4. If you are using compiler options for the Jetpack Compose compiler, set them in the `composeCompiler {}` block.
   See [Compiler options](#compose-compiler-options-dsl) for reference.

>    > The Gradle plugin provides defaults for several compiler options that were only specified manually before.

Reviewer: I think this block should stay, since it is an important piece of information.

Reviewer: Nvm, noticed it below.

Author: Yes, I realized there's no need to copy-paste it here. People still need to see the reference if the step is relevant to them, so let's put it in the reference.

> > If you are not using Gradle plugins to manage the Compose compiler, you should update the direct references to old Maven

Reviewer 2: If I understand correctly, the instructions are about adding Gradle plugins for the Compose compiler, so maybe it is better to have this note at the beginning of the section? Otherwise I worry that readers will not see it.

Author: The problem was that too many people saw it before and applied to themselves without thinking :)

I tried to delineate the use cases with subtitles, please tell me what you think about that.

> > If you are not using Gradle and thus unable to enjoy Gradle plugins, you should update the direct references to old Maven

Reviewer: Technically, some people are using Gradle, but are also configuring the compiler on their own :)

```suggestion
> If you are configuring Compose compiler plugin on your own, you should update the references to Maven artifacts:
```

Author: Just to make sure: are they configuring the compiler, or the compiler plugin? I corrected in a slightly different way, tell me if that is less correct: https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs/pull/183/commits/7a25c8c13aaffcee96bf5cb410ae57e18fe9a995

Reviewer: Technically, Compose compiler plugin, but we use these interchangeably in docs.

> > If you are not using Gradle plugins to manage the Compose compiler, you should update the direct references to old Maven
> > artifacts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If you are not using Gradle plugins to manage the Compose compiler, update any direct references to old Maven
> artifacts in your project:
```

Reviewer 2: Project or module? Not sure but it would be nice to specify the area that they should check :)
